well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so if you've watched this channel for
any length of time you know that i do
not really
do calls to action not my thing
you know provide information if
you want to act on it good but
it's very rare that i ask y'all to do
anything
when i do it's because i am
fairly certain that my take is correct
and i truly believe that whatever the
action
is that i'm asking for is going to have
some kind of tangible positive effect
i like to pick battles that are
big enough to matter but small enough to
win
you know i made a call to action
about five months ago and a lot of you
you know helped it was uh asking for an
investigation at fort hood
a lot of you responded and a whole lot
of other people did
there was a lot of public pressure to
get this done
it was for me it was in regards to
the case of vanessa gian there were
other incidents
at fort hood around the same time that
prompted other people to act as well
that investigation happened enough
people reached out
and put pressure on dod and senate armed
services
the investigation occurred there was an
independent review
we now have the findings the takeaway
is yes command failed period full stop
command failed they made 70
recommendations
to make sure this sort of thing does not
happen again some of it is preventative
some of it is restructuring the
the cops there on fort hood some of it
is making sure that things that should
have already been happening
actually start to happen as well as
providing guidance
to lower ranked soldiers on how to
actually report somebody missing rather
than just reporting them a wall
the key finding
was that command knew or should have
known of high risk to female soldiers
and did nothing to mitigate
they surveyed about 30 000 troops
at hood they uh and to be clear there's
only
i want to say like 36 000 37 000 there
so they surveyed pretty much everybody
they conducted
a whole bunch of interviews 500 of which
were with women soldiers out of those
93 made credible
allegations but
only half had been reported
out of fear of retaliation
that's the climate okay
so the review happened now what
14 people in command in leadership
positions
were either relieved of command or
suspended
now the obvious follow-up question is is
this
the army pushing a bunch of junior
officers out the door
as part of a pr move the answer to that
is no
one of those who was relieved was a
major general one was a colonel
one was a command sergeant major there
is
another major general and another
command sergeant major who were
suspended
pending the outcome of a separate probe
at the very least they are attempting to
make it better
they're attempting to change the climate
here
something that is worth noting is that
this is the independent review this is
the civilian review
a major general was relieved based on an
independent review
the military still has its own
investigation going on
their own probes i would not be
surprised
if uh let's say more formal
disciplinary actions occurred
once that investigation is complete
so at the end of the day did this bring
justice
for vanessa gehen or the other soldiers
no
absolutely not but hopefully it will
create a climate at hood
that means we don't have to call for
justice
again for other soldiers in the future
i'll put the link down below to the
original video if you're not familiar
with the case and what
happened
and other than that i do want to point
out that friday we're going to be having
a
live stream fundraiser and i'll tell you
all about it then
so definitely tune in it'll be afternoon
evening
sometime in there uh central time
so if you took part in this if you
reached out
it's just a phone call on your part or
reaching out over twitter or email or
however you did it
your action combined with a whole bunch
of other people's actions
made this happen without
without enough pressure this wouldn't
have occurred
or the findings would have been kind of
swept under the rug
you did this anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
day